Replace trailing space line breaks with backslash line breaks and remove all other trailing whitespace (#10470)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2016/2016-01-11-osuweekly-43.md

**I already mentioned it [in passing](/wiki/shared/news/2016-01-11-osuweekly-43/2016-01-11_00-48-34.png) in the last weekly**, but our very own [Staiain](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/Staiain) (accompanied by [EtienneXC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/EtienneXC)) had an [absolutely amazing showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZdJ4dReF4A) at AGDQ this past week. Despite not playing our beloved game specifically, he has brought the passion of rhythm games to the denizens of the internet all over the world! For that, he deserves a special mention in this edition of the weekly. Way to go buddy!

> **[New community contributor badges have arrived](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-01-09-community-contributor-badges-january-2016)!** It feels kind of weird to have to write about that entire thing again, so just go check out the post I made earlier this week if you would like to know more. Additionally, I would like to remind everyone that we are actively looking for nominations for future recipients of the badge, so be sure to email us at **[news@ppy.sh](mailto:news@ppy.sh)** if you haven't yet. We've already received a number of new nominations since the post went out, so we may see some new recipients very soon!  

Reviewer: Line 10-11 : add a space

**The group stages of the osu!mania 7K world cup have concluded!** We have some [cool statistics](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1b0FDICef-c5RIGFmyGscK6ShJk--XazlwDg75dZaNLQ/edit#gid=647985362) to show off today, put together by [Nwolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/Nwolf). The highest picked map on stream was [amamichi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/344760&m=3), which ended up being chosen 26 times! On the other hand, it seems [Funwari Fuwari](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/737488&m=3) wasn't very "fun" for our competitors, being banned from the map pool on 12 separate occasions.

**With the opening blows traded and the dust settled, [there are some very clear leaders coming out of group stage](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rUBWY0m7faZ9dFNkaVhXxJ9bpqAjHUZR8xRmHFxjoEs/pubhtml).** Japan, China, and Korea have not lost a single game across all of their matches. Teams Sweden, Canada, Norway, and Italy have dropped out of the running for this tournament. The rest of the teams have advanced to the Round of 16! Congratulations to all participants on an amazing display of skill in the surgical task of pressing 7 keys in a predefined sequence to the music.

> **[The map pool for the next round has been released alongside the new match scheduling](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/Osu!mania_7K_World_Cup_2016).** If you plan on watching, be sure to aside some time in your own timetables as we still have an absolutely enormous amount of matches remaining! If you would like to educate yourself further on the things to watch out for in this round's map pool, be sure to check out the [Round of 16 Map Pool Showcase](http://www.twitch.tv/osulive/v/34695798?t=02h50m35s) if you missed it live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[The map pool for the next round has been released alongside the new match scheduling](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2016_7K).** If you plan on watching, be sure to aside some time in your own timetables as we still have an absolutely enormous amount of matches remaining! If you would like to educate yourself further on the things to watch out for in this round's map pool, be sure to check out the [Round of 16 Map Pool Showcase](http://www.twitch.tv/osulive/v/34695798?t=02h50m35s) if you missed it live.
```
